Typed command ids (#1372)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: UPGRADE_GUIDE.md

## From `0.3.5` to `0.3.6`

### Command Request ID's are now typed

The return value of `CommandSystem.SendCommand` has changed from `long` to `CommandRequestID`.

> A similar change has been made to all API's that take request ID's as a parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A similar change has been made to all APIs that take request IDs as a parameter.
```

> Anywhere you store request ids, you need to change the type from `long` to `CommandRequestId`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anywhere you store request IDs, you need to change the type from `long` to `CommandRequestId`.
```
